Perplexi just made a massive upgrade to
their computer platform. As of today,
called Code is now a sub agent inside
Perplexi Computer. And they've also
added GitHub CLI. Here's what that means
in plain English. You can now tell
Perplexi Computer to go fix code, build
apps, and push changes to GitHub all by
itself. No terminal, no coding
knowledge, no switching between five
tools. You just type what you want and
the AI handles the rest. So you can now
use claw code and CLI directly inside
perlexi computer. This was just
announced today. Basically, for example,
is is how it would work, right? So you
can see here we said spawn a team of sub
agents and put code to build a marketing
plan for an AI automation community
right and then basically what you can
see here is that it's created
um different sub agents for different
tasks inside the chat right here. So you
can spawn teams of sub agents whenever
you're ready to go and then it will go
off and build out the project directly
autonomously inside the computer of the
Plexi computer. So, for example, here
you can actually see we've got like four
different sub aents um working and
they're ready to go, which is pretty
cool. And um here's how it works. So,
here's for example the competitive
analysis one. Here's the target
audience, etc. You can see what API it's
using and uh it goes from there. So,
it's a pretty cool way to to use
complex computer to build out different
teams to use and leverage code. And then
you can see an example of the actual
document we've created here. So this
should give a preview on the right hand
side once it's finished up. So it's just
opening up here. Um and then it creates
like a full research report using this
team of agents which is pretty insane,
right? This is for our AI automation
community. So it's broken down a market
analysis. It's looked at ways we could
differentiate ourselves etc using this
process right here. Um so it's a really
cool update. Here's an example of it
working in real time. So if we pull this
up um someone said for example
I want to contribute to open claw by
fixing some bugs. I've pasted the issue
below. Please use clawed code to
implement the fixes. Ensure you fork the
repo test the solution locally and then
open a PR. Right. So it's taken a
example GitHub problem like so plugged
it into Blexi computer
gets the full issue details starts using
claw code to fix it and then you can see
it working right there right let's try a
new
task in a second of how we can run this
but here's what it looks like in in
reality right so for example here um it
completes a task it opens up the PR and
the fix has been implemented and a PR is
open right and it allows it right there
so it's pretty crazy it can like fix
bugs just like a human team would uh
using a black sea computer. So let's try
another one now. I'm going to say use
code to
build a new website for the AR profit
border. If you weren't aware already
like inside perplexity computer you get
access to 20 different AIs, right? That
means it basically can choose like okay
what are the best APIs and what are the
best AI models to use um for this
particular task. So it said right um
I'll build this using clawed code as
requested. It's loading the skills. So,
for example, like skill website
building, skill design foundations, and
it's going to run different tasks in
parallel as well. And then it can just
go off and do it thing. Now, at this
point, you might be wondering as well,
you know, just for a second, what is
Plexi Computer? So, Perplexi is an AI
company that started as a search engine,
kind of like Google, but powered by AI.
And they recently launched a product
called Computer, right? Perplexi
Computer is a cloud-based AI platform
that the CEO Aravven Serinas launched on
25th of February. Despite the name, it's
not an actual physical computer. is a
cloud-based AI agent that orchestrates
19 different AI models from companies
like OpenAI, Anthropic, Google, and XAI
as well. Now, you want to think of it
like this. Instead of hiring one
assistant to do everything, you hire a
team of 15 uh sorry, 19 specialists.
Each one is really good at one thing.
Different parts of the task can be
rooted to whatever model does the best
for them, right? So, for example, like
Claudeopus, Google Gemini, GPT uh 5.2,
Grock, Nana Banana, Bay 3.1. I think
they've actually just upgraded recently
to um GPT 5.4. for as well which is
pretty cool. And that's basically how it
works. And you might be wondering, okay,
what is claw code? So claw code is a
coding tool made by anthropic. It's a
command line tool that developers use to
write fix and manage code. Right? You
type instructions and claw code just
goes off and writes the content for you.
And also um with the new update, you've
also got GitHub CLI. So GitHub is where
developers store their code online. It's
kind of like Google Drive but for code.
And GitHub CLI is a tool that lets you
interact with GitHub from the command
line. Right? That means creating
repositories, submitting changes,
opening pull requests, etc. And a pull
request or PR is like raising your hand
and saying, "Hey team, I've made some
changes to the code. Can you review and
approve it?" So adding GitHub CLI to
publicity computer means the AI can now
push code directly to GitHub. It can
submit PRs and manage repositories as
well. And you can see it working in the
cloud here. You can also see like some
other examples of what we built. So this
was the full marketing report with the
sub agents. And then we've got a bunch
of other ones here like you can create
your own skills um and install them so
that the AI remembers everything. You
can create games like for example we
created this game right here uh which
was pretty cool pretty easy and simple
to set up as well. It can create
websites, slideshows, apps,
videos even as you can see right here.
So it's a pretty awesome way to just
build whatever you want using AI and uh
it's kind of like open core but it runs
directly inside the cloud.
and it's inside a cloud computer, right?
So that's the biggest difference right
here. So why is this a big deal? Well,
if you wanted to fix a bug in someone's
open source project, you need to know
how to use git and GitHub, clone the
repository, read through the codebase,
understand the bug, write the fix
yourself, test it, push it back to
GitHub, create a pull request, and that
process takes a skilled developer
anywhere from like 30 minutes to several
hours. After today, you just tell a
computer, fix this bug, and it does
everything automatically. And this is
really like the moment that coding goes
from something you do to something you
direct, right? And also you might be
wondering, okay, with clawed code, why
are sub agents so important? So a sub
agent is like specialist worker that
gets called in when a specific skill is
needed, right? So they're specialized AI
assistants that enhance capabilities by
providing task specific expertise. So
inside the plexi computer, when the
system hits a coding task, um it doesn't
try to handle it for a general purpose
model. Instead, it hands off the job to
CL code and you can use sub agents with
that as well. And you can see it's
beginning to start coding out the the
rest of the project here. So, for
example, we've got the hero bar right
here. It's starting to code out the
whole project. We've got the index html
as well. And you can see right at the
top it says created by Publexi Computer.
And that's the page that is designed so
far. It's pretty awesome. So,
you might be wondering, okay, what's the
benefit of like Publix computer versus
core code versus open core? you know,
which one should you use right now
because they're all kind of like at the
same level and we've all got like these
different ways that we can use
autonomous AI agents. So, Claude Code is
probably the best solo coder, right? So,
if you need one AI to write amazing
code, this is probably it, right? It
runs from your machine, understands your
codebase deeply, and produces clean
work. Claw, the open source CI agent.
This is super DIY, super technical. It
runs locally on your hardware, connects
to WhatsApp, Slack and iMessage and does
real things like clearing inboxes,
checking you in for flights, managing
calendars, but it requires a lot of
technical setup and it has security
risks. Right? So, this is the open
source project, but it's a lot more
technical. And then you've got Publexi
Computer, which is the all-in-one AI
agent cloud team. So, where Claude Code
is a single powerful model focused on
coding, Publex Computer throws an entire
team of AI models at your problem
handles research, design, coding,
deployment, and now GitHub workflows all
from one prompt. So these represent two
visions of a gentic AI a deep single
model specialist on your machine or a
multimodal orchestrator in the cloud
right also recently they've added custom
skills and also model council as well
and um yeah that's basically it for the
update right and you can see an example
of the website here it's actually
publishing the AI profit ordering page
as you can see so just to recap computer
is a cloud-based AR platform that uses
19 AR models working together as a team
claude code is now a sub agent inside
perplexi computer meaning the platform
can write professional grade code
automatically. GitHub CLI was also added
meaning the platform can fork repos push
code and submit pull request directly to
GitHub in a live demo. Um for example
computer forked the open crawl repo code
a bug fix and submit the PR all from a
single prompt and they've also added
custom skills voice mode council and GPT
for recently to perplexity. So claude
code alone is still the best for deep
focused coding work but Plexi computer
is the best for like endto-end workflows
that span research design and deployment
but basically you know overall if you
look at the trend the era of tell the
what you want and it builds it just took
another massive step forward with this
upgrade and you can see the page
deployed right here so we've created a
whole new website um just while I have
talked to you right so this is a new
website that we built for the AR profit
boarding community and um we did it just
you seeing flexi computer whilst I was
talking to you. Pretty crazy. Let's see
what we got here. So, Block says, "Hi,
Julian. Have Google AI Ultra, but I
can't see the cinema." Video um mode.
That's interesting. So, if you click on
video overviews, it doesn't show the
edit mode. Then I would Yeah, it's
probably country based. You know, it
probably depends where you're based in
the world. LinkedIn user says, "I really
need to jump onto cloud code. It is an
amazing tool." And then um
S says, "Uh, off topic, how can you
always stay up to date with all the AI
news?" So the way that I do it is we
have the AR profit boarding community,
right? Basically inside here, you know,
people always sharing the latest news,
the latest updates, what's going on,
what they're working on, etc. And so
like just by having 2,600 people inside
there who are very very active with AI,
you know, and you're looking at like the
top 1% in the world in terms of like who
these people are and and what they do
with AI. I can easily like see, okay,
what's trending, what are people
interested in, what are they building,
and then how can I put that on to to
YouTube and help people. It's kind of
like one of those things where you've
got a great network of people. You
you'll always stay on top of things
because you've got an awesome network um
and and everyone's sharing what they're
working on. So for example, if you go
inside the community of the profit
boarding, you can see for example like
people building with GenSpark, people
using web app testing um people talking
about open core etc. Open claw and ghl.
So there's so much cool stuff here. I
mean look at this ramen as well like
automating CVS and that sort of thing um
with claw AI. So, there's just loads of
cool wins and loads of cool automations
inside here that helps me easily stay up
to date with right here. What would you
use
for free um without a big local LLM?
Well, I mean like you can use free
versions of Gemini for example. That's
that's a good option. I think GLM as
well they on ZAI they have a free AI.
So, if you don't want like a big local
LLM, you could use GLM or you could use
something like Quen. Quen 3.5 online is
free as well. So you can go to Quen's
website that's owned by Alibaba and then
uh Gemini Flashlight as well. You can
use it inside AI studio for free. So
that's three good options right there.
Thanks for the answer. Happy to help. So
thanks so much for watching. If you want
to get all the video notes from today,
you can get that inside the AI profit
boardroom link in the comments
description. We also have a full
six-hour course on openclaw. We have
tons of stuff on perlexi as well. So if
you love perlexity computer stuff, just
type in perlexity computer inside the
profit boardroom search bar and you can
see a bunch of options right here for
learning this stuff. Also, this is my AI
automation community that's focused on
helping you save time, grow and scale
with AI automation. And so, inside the
community, you can ask questions, you
can get help, you can get support, you
can be cool people, you can share what
you're working on. We also have a daily
accountability group. So, you can see
that people can post their goals and
stay 100% laser focused in case you get
information overwhelmed or sh or shiny
object syndrome, which a lot of people
do struggle with. Also, we do well I
personally write a weekly update and I
look at my 60 hours of research and I'm
like right these are the things you can
ignore. These are the things that the
most interesting and useful this week
and then I break down the winners and
what's um you know pretty average inside
these weekly updates and people love
them. You can see all the comments on
like you know how people have um found
them useful and that sort of thing. So
it's pretty cool. And then also as we
scroll down here uh you can see inside
the calendar we do four weekly coaching
calls. You can get four weekly coaching
calls. You can jump on these live calls,
ask for help, get support, see what
other people working on, meet the
community, ask an expert for help and
advice, that sort of thing. Share your
screen. And then also, you can meet
people in your local area and DM them
and meet them in real person over here.
And then inside the classroom, you can
actually jump into these trainings. For
example, like you can learn AI
automation as a complete beginner and go
from beginner to expert with AI
automation in just 5 weeks. Plus, learn
how to build your first AI agent in
under five minutes. Additionally, you'll
get my playbook on how to automate X,
newsletters, shorts, Instagram, AI
avatar videos. Inside the classroom, you
also get my latest SOP updates on, for
example, all the new updates that come
out each day. So, for example, we
recently covered Hermes agent, which is
a trending agent that just popped up
kind of similar to OpenClaw. We've got,
for example, um the new openclaw 8th of
March update that just came out a few
hours ago. Perplexi and Claude Code,
everything is inside here. So, I just
update this with new video tutorials and
step-by-step guides and this gets
updated with new stuff every single day.
So, we're a very active community and
this is not like old training. This is
literally as soon as an update comes out
that's useful, we'll create a video
tutorial and help you on it. All right,
what else we got here? Inside the agency
course, you can learn how to get more
clients. Inside the coaching course, you
can learn how um you can watch about the
coaching course if you don't make them
live. You can also learn how to rank
number one with AI SEO over here. And
you can also learn how to grow a YouTube
channel based on what's working for me
inside the YouTube classroom as well. So
that's all inside the AR profit
boardroom link in the comments
description or just go to the AR. You
might be asking like you know people
getting results with it and that sort of
thing. So we've actually got over 135
pages of testimonials from people
winning with this stuff. So you can see
an example right here from Kaden. You
can see these are real people sharing
real results from the AR profit
boardroom. So there's 135 pages of this
stuff and it's absolutely awesome to see
people winning with it. So hotel inside
there.